Add projectid flag instructions to README (#25)
sgarciac/fuego: README.md

If you need to use fuego with the firestore emulator instead of a real firestore
database, set the FIRESTORE_EMULATOR_HOST environment variable to something
appropriate (usually, localhost:8080).

### Firebase project ID

> Set the project ID with `-projectid NAME`. Defaults to 'default'.

Reviewer: uhm, the problem is that if you are not using the firestore emulator, you are likely using a Google Applications Credentials file, where a project id is specified. Fuego will actually default to that value. I think that's why I left that part in the firestore emulator section, since that's where we are likely not to use a google application credentials file.

Reviewer: I'will keep the first part (Set the proje...) and perhaps clarify the second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the project ID with `-projectid NAME`, otherwise fuego will fallback to the project defined by the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS file or to 'default', if none.
```
